what on Earth have you given me that is
how you can measure your nighttime
erections it's unbelievable in ways it
improves health and wellness Brian
Johnson is back the billionaire who's
spending $2 million a year to stay young
forever through algorithmic Precision
this is the most impactful humanitarian
project ever trying to find the very
best science in the world for how you
can extend your life and how's it been
going honestly I'm in the absolute Peak
Performance of my entire life I've
extended my lifespan over 30% reduced my
age by 12 years increased muscle and
strength and now 6 months of perfect
sleep I've accomplished the best sleep
score in history a demonstration of
human ability because if I can do it
everyone else can do it too every second
of every day we're all trying not to die
that's what we're doing as a society
right now it's not working very well but
if an algorithm could manage your health
and wellness for you and Achieve near
perfect health would you opt into that
because
we found it but what can the average
person do one thing that works
is really yeah it's like the super of
superfoods there you
go that is not how you're meant to have
that and what comes next The Best Is Yet
To Come Kate to Kate will you come on
out so you're the first woman on earth
to follow Brian's lifestyle that's right
what's been the biggest
sacrifice quick one this is really
really fascinating to me on the back end
of our YouTube channel it says that
69.9% of you that watch this channel
frequently over the lifetime of this
channel haven't yet hit the Subscribe
button I just wanted to ask you a favor
it helps this channel so much if you
choose to subscribe helps us scale the
guest helps us scale the production and
it makes this show bigger so if I could
ask you for one favor if you've watched
the show before and you've enjoyed it
and you like this episode that you're
currently watching could you please hit
the Subscribe button thank you so much
and I will repay
that gesture by making sure that
everything we do here gets better and
better and better and better that is a
promise I'm willing to make you do we
have a
[Music]
deal
Brian you're now coming up on almost
three years since you started blueprint
which is your sort of anti-aging life
extending longevity protocol is that
accurate that's
accurate give me a overview of the
benefits you've been able to achieve in
those three
years I legitimately have never been
happier in my entire life why it's like
when you have a a series of bad nights
of sleep and you you're eating poorly
and you sleep poorly in a week or two
you just normalize to that new Norm you
don't realize what you've lost it just
becomes invisible to you and then when
you bounce back after a really great
night's sleep and you take care of
yourself you make the observation this
is the most remarkable thing ever I wish
wish I could exist like this all the
time and I've hit that state where I'm
in the absolute Peak Performance of my
entire life I've never been as well
rested I've never been as CL with uh
greater Clarity of mind I've
never uh been more calm emotionally yeah
you know I'm I'm not provoked I'm not
irritable things that I struggled with
before it's true that you don't know how
bad you felt until you feel good I can
relate it's dealing with oneself is uh
the most challenging thing this is from
my experience the most challenging thing
in my existence is understanding my own
self like uh trying to map out where I'm
self-aware and where I'm unaware where
my self-awareness ends and what I've
normalized to and can no longer see what
status quo hides from me what biases I
have in my brain what blind spots I have
I'm blind to so much of reality and I
just have no idea and the Brain plays
these tricks on us where we believe with
confidence that we have we're the master
of our reality that we see all things we
feel all things that if something's
missing we're going to note it but
really my life has become trying to find
out what's invisible to me what are some
of those psychological biases that you
think most people still don't realize
our our Illusions oh man it's like my
most favorite topic
because we are fooled into
thinking that we truly
[Music]
understand our situation our reality and
there's so many easy tricks one can play
even something simple like if you prime
somebody with words like uh grandma
grandmother or grandfather or things
that trigger thoughts of old age or
being slow and then you ask a person to
walk down the hallway to do a task those
who've been primed with old sounding
word old Rel uh Associated words and
young the old Associated walk more
slowly and the young walked qu quicker
we incorpor all these things into the
way we Act and the way we think and what
we internally uh generate and we just
it's beyond our awareness so for people
that don't know what the word priming
means essentially if you just say those
words to somebody if you say grandmother
or grandfather or old Associated elderly
Associated words to somebody in studies
they then walk slower I'm really
interested in the behavioral stuff
because I think most of us are governed
by a set of stories that we've come to
learn believe about ourselves that we've
probably learned from false evidence
along the way and we're now living our
lives in accordance with that false
instruction manual like there's a puppet
master pulling the strings telling me
that I am a entrepreneur that does a
podcast in that IMA I'm unorganized and
I'm you know whatever might be you know
yeah how does one go about understanding
that those words are governing our lives
but then also more importantly getting
rid of the the the power that they're
exerting over us there's a few things I
do on a daily basis to help me one I
read a book by Gary Becker the economics
of Life uh when I was uh 24 years old
and he would take any given topic like
poverty something that would be non you
wouldn't think that this thing relates
to math and economics it's just like
this so social phenomena that I would
have previously heard someone tell me a
story about and he would break them down
uh using economics and I thought that's
unreal a world understood through
numbers and graphs and models not
through stories no one's going to tell
me any story they're just going to lay
this out and I realize that there are
limitations of course to those things
like stories are embedded in those to
some extent however from the world I
came from where it was dominant on on
story to see that the world could be
objectively measured understood and
Quantified change my reality and so now
when I look at a given situation I try
to identify what is the numerical
representation of this thing what is the
mathematical formula what is the graph
that explains this phenomena not through
a story lens but like what actually are
what systems are at play so try to parse
through all the all the decoys that
would otherwise take me down a different
path and then secondarily is give me an
example of that what's an example I mean
so like uh what determines whether I
have high quality
sleep and most of the time in my
previously in my life my Sleep Quality
was something like a random I would go
to sleep and I would have no idea what
was impacting why I would get high
quality sleep or not and then I could
numerically back out that's what I've
done over the past few years is what
elements contribute to and how those
biological processes function and then
what happens when and you can map out
the entirety of that process last time
we we spoken I think you were on four
months of perfect
sleep where are you at now I completed
six months of perfect
sleep and what does perfect sleep mean
for 100% sleep score and that's judged
by uh my wearable by by whoop okay and
so before I did this nobody had achieved
that series of of 100% scores and many
people who who have had a device like
that for over a year have never once
achieved a 100% sleep score and what I
was trying to do was something akin to
like a 4minute mile or a milia aart
flying a plane across the Atlantic or
you know someone climbing Everest it was
basically a demonstration of human
ability that people didn't think was
possible and then once one person
demonstrates it it opens it up for
everyone else because if I can do it
everyone else knows they can do it too
and so I wanted to show that reliable
high quality sleep is achievable and
that if you do that it could potentially
give you the best cognitive and
emotional performance of your life do
you think there's a human being an adult
human being on planet Earth that's slept
better than you for the last 6 months
there's currently no one that has shared
data that has achieved that so so is if
we're just looking at the data alone
which is not an entire representation
then yeah I I've accomplished the best
sleep score in history pretty impressive
and for for just to recap so I'm I'm
clear because I know we discussed this
last time you go to bed at like 8 8:00
pm right 8:30 8:30 and your last meal of
the day is before midday that's right
11:00 a.m. 8:30 and you're still doing
that you're still going to bed at 8:30
every day that's right people are I feel
like this their sleep is getting worse
and worse in society with stimulants
that we consume the way we live our
lives devices destroy
sleep do you think sleep is the really
the foundation of daily performance
would you would you aim at that first if
you were someone that was trying to
start your journey to live
a a life more in line with your
long-term
goals sleep is the single most important
thing any human does on any given day
and if you look at it from a culture
identity standpoint people like you and
me who work hard at an entrepreneural
Endeavor there's this mythology that if
you sleep under your desk or you go days
without sleep you're a hero that people
will tell stories about you it's like
the old like I guess Viking mythology
where you you have these stories told
about your great deeds and so it's
almost like if you're a great
entrepreneur and if you want to be
respected by your peers and if you want
to achieve mythology
status you do that sleep deprivation
thing and so it's built so far into our
cultural identity so when people I know
when my friends who I act as a therapist
for many people who go through this
thing where they they don't realize why
they actually can't prioritize sleep and
then when we dig deep is that they have
these imaginations of the kind of person
they want to become and how they want
others to view them and they feel
trapped that if they don't complete the
mythology lore that they'll somehow be
less than and they won't achieve the
ranking among the social group and it's
all backwards the the the shift that's
appropriate is and it's happening
actually right now is that the person
who prioritizes sleep is going to be
higher performing they'll be more Lucid
they'll be they'll have better ideas
that people who don't sleep are
literally half dead they're actually
intoxicated they're impaired
physiologically physiologically they're
impaired explain that when you are sleep
deprived uh to a certain degree it is
equal to being Intoxicated by alcohol
you're
inebriated and so these are the people
who are leading organizations there are
groups of a large number of individuals
that
are expecting them to make high quality
decisions on behalf of the entire group
and it's those very people who are not
sleeping well and who are impaired in
their judgment it's backwards and so
this is it's a it's a good note to make
and this goes back to the first
conversation of what am I not aware of
if you're playing the script of social
norms of doing what people say and
you're not questioning them then you're
you're living a you're living in a p in
the past of antiquated ideas that are
hurtful to you like here's one more
example I was at a conf of the day and
the gentleman who was interviewing me
said hey who here thinks that you can
live forever and there was like two
people were
like who who here thinks you're going to
die and like everyone's hand shot up and
I was commenting to them that when when
you read
history who in a historical moment
actually understood what was happening
in that time and place you know 99% of
people
are living in the past they repeat the
things that people in the past had said
the future had already arrived so if
it's like the year
1634 the future already arrived in 1634
it's just the people there living during
that time frame don't know it they
hadn't seen it yet they hadn't been
exposed to it or maybe they exposed to
it but they thought it was crazy or the
person was a quack and so you're always
people are always living in the past and
so the same is true right now we are
living in the past the future is already
here the ideas and Technologies are out
there maybe you and I have seen it maybe
we can't maybe we encounter it maybe we
believe it maybe we don't but it's
definitely here right now and sleep is
one of those things where the future is
already here and people who are playing
the mythology of no sleep and under desk
and everything else they're living in
the past I think a lot of people
listening who do struggle with sleep do
believe in the importance of sleep at
least if you asked them they'd say they
did but for whatever reason you know
they might have sleep related
difficulties they might have insomnia
they might to lay in bed all night and
just feel anxious or whatever else and
it's those people that I I want to offer
some advice to the people that um yeah
they they work hard and stuff but they
just struggle with sleep yeah there's a
difference between the acknowledgement
that sleep may be good for you and like
you say like yeah I'm on board a good
sleep it's an entirely different
situation when you prioritize your life
around that which means if somebody's
like hey let's grab a drink sorry can my
bedtime at blank or if you're if you
find that you sleep better by having
earlier meals and then you're in a
social event you're like well I'm going
to eat anyways so it forces you to make
really hard decisions on your actual
lifestyle which it does it pits you
against social norms which are
uncomfortable we want to fit in we want
to have friends we want to be part of
the tribe so it it does really invite
but that every person who makes the
gesture who does it makes the tribe
stronger so when one one person's brave
enough to say actually I'm going to hit
the sack guys and like oh man you're
you're such a wuss while you doing that
hang out man like what's wrong with you
what like they they jokingly try to
belittle like it's kind of serious and
kind of not but every time somebody does
that and has the
courage there's several others in that
group who are like damn I now feel
empowered that I can say something and
that's the norm that's shifting but this
it's the same social dynamics in
whatever time you're in it's just
understanding that and not being owned
by it and then I guess the other the
other exception potentially is parents
that don't have yeah um child care
because I mean I've when I speak to
parents they always tell me they like
Steve listen when you have a kid you can
forget your no meetings before 11:00
a.m. Rule and your whoop HRV competition
yeah because when that baby cries at
3:00 a.m. you know and then at 4:00 a.m.
and then 5:00 a.m. you're just going to
be dragged through the mud with them so
that's true and having raised three kids
I can attest that that's true also you
can definitely establish a sleep culture
in your family where you can make it
understandable that once the child goes
to sleep at whatever age the expectation
is they're in their bedroom for that
entire duration of time absent something
a fire or them feeling threatened for
their life if it's because they lost
their PL their toy car under their bed
or it's because they can't find their
blankie none of that justifies leaving
the room and entering you know the
parents bedroom so there's definitely
things that can be done you're not
entirely powerless and you can make
meaningful improvements by setting the
standard for the entire family that
starts with the parents like what what
hygiene do they maintain and what do
they pass on to the children but it's
not entirely hopeless based on the way
you live your life now you must look at
people and see a whole lot of excuses
and a whole lack of responsibility
everywhere you go every tweet you get
every comment you see it must just to
you wreak of low responsibility cuz
you're someone that as you you said last
time has kind of given up control of
yourself to this blueprint which really
is the essence of um discipline is
completely surrendering to that do you
think people are lacking responsibility
and full of excuses about their
lives I mean who of us are not
that and like any of us who would dare
say otherwise are deceiving ourselves
and this is again a self-awareness is we
all are self-deception machines and
anyone who doesn't believe that is self-
deceiving do you still self- deceive
absolutely what are you still self-
deceiving yourself on you suspect I
wouldn't trust myself in my own Pantry
with a bunch of junk food that's why in
my house I can have I I've eliminated
all self harm there's just nothing I can
do because I don't trust
myself it's not like I you know I feel
like I've created so much discipline and
confidence like put it in front of me
and I won't do it even though I do it on
a daily basis where I'm in social
situations I don't put myself in that
environment but yeah I mean
I my goal is to find where I'm in error
in thought and action
constantly that's the that's the gem
that's the treasure chest is finding out
where you've
missed but you can know you've missed
somewhere I think about areas in my life
where I go I know what the right to do
is but for whatever reason I keep not
doing the right thing and I keep getting
the feedback yeah okay you you mess that
up Steve and then you know weak passes
and I might do the same thing
again the one game we all humans play
every human on the planet is playing is
don't die every second of every day
we're all trying not die not to die so
we look both ways before we cross the
street we have carbon monoxide detectors
we don't seek out we don't drink poison
you know on purpose like we we do all
these things to not die now the weird
thing though is I can look both ways
before I cross the street and also be
smoking a
cigarette and that's just the nuances of
the human mind but what I wanted to do
with blueprint is I wanted to say okay
if you really take do don't die to the
absolute extreme I'm going to measure
every biological process in my body and
find out where every cell is aging like
where basically where dying is happening
and then I'm going to identify all those
behaviors and I'm going going to try to
eliminate every Behavior
that contributes to don't dying so what
is possible in 2023 for the ultimate uh
effort of don't die on every front and
that means no excuses ever for anything
so a six-month sleep score like you
basically have to say this is in stone
it's not going to be changed under any
circumstance because I'm trying to prove
a point of what could be done with the
science in this moment funny when you
said about the cigarette example you'll
cross the road you'll look both ways to
make sure you don't get get hit by a
truck but you'll be smoking the way that
I interpreted that is okay we don't want
to die and we will want to sign up to
don't die but none of us want to sign up
to don't
live yeah with with living you're
mapping that to like some sensorial
pleasure like just some kind of yeah
some kind of pleasure whether it's
having a couple of cocktails or staying
up late and watching Netflix or whatever
it might be yeah and you're trying to
find the things that create the stimuli
that you you care about yeah I think
most people want to extend their life
but I I think they only want to extend
it as long as they can live within that
extension and obviously what you've
chosen to do is to extend your life and
make bigger sacrifices than the average
Jo would be prepared to make yeah the
the argument I'm making is in any other
time as a homo sapien I I completely
understand that thought process do your
thing the difference right now is we're
baby steps away from Super intelligence
which means for the first time in the
history of homo sapiens we may not die
and so I'm arguing that only in this
moment doesn't make sense to take these
Extreme Measures because before you can
easily say look I'm willing to trade 10
years of end life for this version of
life now reasonable understandable sure
but in this moment you may miss out on
the most spectacular existence in all of
history so why why do that for some
cheap thrill what's that spectacular
existence I might miss on um It's
Complicated definitely complicated to be
human uh when you look at the
capabilities of AI as it's emerging
there's reason to believe
that we are acquiring the ability to
engineer
reality we can
physically engineer atoms molecules
organisms we can
create experiences with with uh certain
chemicals we can program physical we can
program visual digital realities like we
have our fingers on the ability to
engineer and program the entirety of our
reality
increasingly that opens up a an expanse
of opportunity that is so far beyond our
imagination we can't even begin to
pretend like we understand okay this is
something I've never mentioned before in
2023 I launched my very own private
Equity Fund called flight fund and since
then we've invested in some of the most
promising companies in the world my
objective is to make this the best
performing Fund in Europe with a focus
on high growth companies that I believe
will be the next European unicorns the
current investors in the fund who have
joined me on this journey are some of
Europe's most successful and Innovative
entrepreneurs and I'm excited to
announce that today as a founder of a
company you can pitch your company to us
or if you are an investor you can also
now apply to invest with us head to
flight fund.com to gain an understanding
of the fund's mission the remarkable
companies we proudly support and to get
in touch with me and my team legal
disclaimer flight fund is regulated by
the FCA so please remember that
investing in the fund is for
sophisticated investors only don't
invest unless you're prepared to lose
all of the money you invest this is a
highrisk investment and you are unlikely
to be protected if something goes wrong
there is no guarantee that the
investment objectives will be achieved
and as with all private Equity
Investments all of the investment
capital is at risk this communication is
for information purposes only and should
not be taken as investment advice or a
financial
promotion what are the um concerns
though if everybody gets older isn't
there going to be like huge disparities
in like wealth and stuff because I read
some stats that the global share of
wealth held by people over the age of 65
is increasing in 2020 people age 65 and
older held 35% of global wealth by 2050
they projected to hold almost 50% of
global wealth isn't it going to be the
case that if we're all living longer
you'd imagine like think about some of
the richest people in the world now they
would just acrw more and more wealth
older Generations would have more wealth
and younger Generations would mhm would
have very little there'd be this kind of
disparity within Society the 250 year
olds would all be like
billionaires yeah that's just an
engineering problem it's so it's public
policy so do you believe in like a
universal basic income where we'd hand
money to people I mean I don't think
it's not a reason to not want the future
it's not a reason to not want longevity
it's not a reason why we shouldn't
extend lives it's not a reason why
somebody should be deprived it's not
like if you're wealthy and you're old
you should die you know it's like it's
everyone's got this opportunity for life
and if there's a a very large disparity
it's getting worse it's a public policy
problem do you not think from like a
philosophical standpoint that death is
part of life I if you look at any sort
of Animal Kingdom Death is part of the
sort of natural attrition that creates
new Offspring new mutations new um
Energy new ideas I guess it has been the
system of intelligence that produced
us we have now taken the Reigns and we
are now the new system of intelligence
that's creating life going forward
when did we take the Reigns when we
started learning how to engineer biology
when we when we this is what I spent the
past 10 years doing is my observation
was after selling brry venmo it's
amazing that we have been able to create
the capability set in the digital world
you take a problem that can be solved by
people sitting down at a computer and
coding
software we can as a species we're
extraordinarily good at it millions and
millions of people that can do it and
solve problems very quickly if you take
a problem in the physical world like we
say the coral reef is dying around the
world which is creating a major problem
in these in oceans how do you make a
coral reef that is more robust to heat
or to Big you know variations you need
to have the same programmability of
programming of building a new coral reef
that can do that sort of thing if that's
a ano an approach to the problem we need
to have those abilities and so the goal
I had was we need this foundational Tech
techology so that any problem in the
physical world whether it be our health
the health of the oceans anything you
know building a Global biological immune
system we need to have these physical
abilities and so once you have that you
can program physical reality including
uh conscious States including the Earth
Health including our health and wellness
All Things become possibilities do are
you talking about Kel uh no my I had a
venture fund okay yeah what is Kel what
are you doing with kernel kernel is a a
way for us to use science and data to
build our best cognitive existence so
like for example it's easy for each of
us to to get on a scale and see our
weight and when we see weight is
climbing very quickly uh you know we
think that's not a good situation
because that leads to bad Health
outcomes I don't feel great and so
there's like a a it's a good feedback
mechanism for how am I doing with my
health with my weight we don't have the
same equivalent for our brains you can
get MRI or you can get a pet scan
they're great but they're hard to get
they are expensive uh it's very
laborious to actually do it we need to
be able to acquire information about our
brains as easy as it is to step on a
scale and get our weight and that's what
we built a kernel is the bike helmet you
put it on your head and you find out
important information about your brain I
had my brain scanned last week have you
seen your brain of course you've seen
your brain yeah did you find out
anything about your brain uh I did well
I wanted to demonstrate that you could
ask a question what happens when and
then take a given thing about the brain
like what happens when I do a
psychedelic what happens when I play a
game what happens when I don't sleep
well what happens when and all the
things we do that affects our brain and
in this case I was a pilot participant
for ketamine so we run a 15 person
ketamine study ketamine is a
anesthetic also used to tranquilize
horses also a party drug and so I
received a dose of in of ketamine in my
arm and then I was in that experience
for 45 minutes and what we saw was
interesting that I had my brain measured
for 10 minutes a day for 5 days before
during the camine experience then five
then uh 14 days afterwards and I think
those the most interesting thing is my
brain patterns like if you think about
the patterns like imagine you're looking
at Planet Earth and there's airports all
over the Earth and you're seeing traffic
patterns between each airport so between
Tokyo and New York there's a lot of
traffic London New York a lot of traffic
but between you know smaller cities you
have just a few planes here and there
there's big traffic patterns in our
brains of where activity is happening
and those patterns tell you things about
yourself like sounds like you had some
analysis done and when I did K when I
did the five days of measurement my
patterns of my brain were stable every
single day they were the same the same
traffic from the same place to and from
and then when I did ketamine it
scrambled all of my
patterns it's like you took the globe
and you just like remapped where all the
airports were and like okay Planes start
flying and then over on like day three
four my pattern started forming again
back in a similar way and so there was
that two to like one to 3 Day
therapeutic window where I was very open
to new pattern creation and it was
there's this joke among my colleagues
where we were walking from one meeting
to another and there was a wall that was
in front of us and I it was day two
after I took ketamine and I thought I'm
going to jump over the wall like that
seems like a fun idea why not so I just
spontaneously jumped over the wall and
then all my colleagues were like
what are you doing we're in a work
environment we don't jump over walls and
I hadn't thought about it in that frame
but I wonder if in that moment I was
open to doing something different and
unique that I normally wouldn't have
done because I had this opening but it
was cool to see my
patterns where they were how they
changed and how they reformed in some
kind of window that opened up as how I
could remap my own experience I mean
that's probably a pretty compelling case
for psychedelics as it relates to mental
health and you know if we think of some
mental disorders as being stuck in
patterns patterns of thinking patterns
of belief patterns of
behavior um there's been quite
incredible clinical studies done to show
the impact that something like
psilocybin or Iain can have on addiction
or
depression what's your view on
psychedelics they're powerful yeah and I
hope that konel accelerates their
progress because most of the the
measurements are done through
questionnaires you're asking the person
how they felt how they felt and their
perspective but we know that our
subjective experiences are not terribly
reliable like when I after I had
ketamine if I were to use words to
explain what I experience I don't know
if I'm asked on day three how I felt in
day one it's hard to remember now you
can journal and try to make uh more
detailed notes but it's really hard to
subjectively account for your brain and
so having a a a system that tracks the
data removes some of that challenge and
could help Usher in uh psychedelics for
uh much broader adoption much faster
because you've got data to support what
you're trying to demonstrate have you
tried all the
psychedelics um I
asker I've had some
experiences
mushrooms I've done mushrooms what' you
think really interesting experience did
it did it change your
your opinion or your
perspective of your own mind yes yes um
I was overseas I think I was in Peru or
something and I was at a mushroom
ceremony whatever and i' taken the
treatment that the Sharman or whatever
had given me and I didn't think it was
working so I went over and sat down on
my
laptop yeah really [__] bad idea and
I for whatever reason and this is so on
me I clicked on like Netflix because
everyone was over there and they were
all having their experience I thought
I'll just I'll just watch something on
Netflix and I don't watch I didn't even
watch Netflix I clicked something on
Netflix and as I'm watching it it's like
some I don't know some reality TV thing
and it just becomes really apparent to
me that these people's values that I'm
watching are like really bad they're all
like bitching about each other and
they're all being mean to each other and
at that very moment the world started to
just Spin and shake and I put the laptop
away and went and joined the gang wrote
about 35 notes of um
of handwriting again I never write with
my hands about connection and in that
moment I learned that like my perception
on reality is so
fragile and so what what do I believe
you know if if this experience that I'm
having with you now this perception of
reality is that fragile that one little
capsule that I eat can just shake it all
then Jesus
is I can't trust much can I I love that
so
much that's so beautiful
like what do we really know about
anything and like you said like this one
little plant and you eat it you ingest
it and then somehow your reality is
absolutely transformed into something
that you never imagined was
possible but then you come right back
you do and this is also this is the the
frame around like don't die so I
understand before our time and place
right now like in the 19th century sure
do your thing because you're going to
die and that's fine but right now I
guess with your your mushroom
experience do you feel open to the
idea that we may acquire new
capabilities of conscious experience
creation that could make your reality
more
interesting and more worthwhile like
whatever than anything you could ever
imagine yes but also could not sure cuz
I just don't know so again it goes back
to like it's hard for people to bet on
uncertainty in their lives yes you know
people don't who wants to bet on I don't
know interesting are you basically
impartial I'm kind of good with what
life's like now I think life's quite
cool now I think I think I still feel
like I'm
bending Reality by the way that I like
live my life and the things I've
achieved and I still feel like I've got
more Mountains to climb in my life and
higher Peaks to see
so you see what I'm saying yeah so it's
not really about a a dissatisfaction so
much now as the driver it's that the
possibilities are a motivator that you
if you
say um there just the possibility
some something you've not experienced a
new reality you could experience like
some we're walking into the Cradle of
super
intelligence okay so let's define super
intelligence just in case someone's lost
us along the way okay when you say super
intelligence you're talking about like
artificial intelligence and computers
that
are you know infinitely more intelligent
than we are and how we can interface
with that intelligence to bring make our
lives and our decisions and our
capabilities better that's right like
the computational Intelligence on near
future
timelines are going to be far superior
to our form of intelligence like how and
when and what forms no one knows but if
you look at the trajectory of the speed
it's fast it's it's faster than our
minds can comprehend and so if we
whatever comparison you want to make
like whether you know an ant relative to
us or whatever the version is or
homoerectus to us I don't we don't know
those details on what their experience
is but if if you just try to like think
about the scale of intelligence and what
that experience may be like even though
we don't know but you your response is
uh informative for me I have a bias and
this goes back to my
blindness I think this idea of walking
into the Cradle of artificial super
intelligence and the ability to engineer
all of
reality is the coolest
opportunity maybe in the known Galaxy
what's the most compelling argument
you've heard against your do not die
position the one that troubles you the
most I'm entirely unconvinced by any
argument that I've ever heard about
it are you entirely convinced by the Do
Not Die argument I'm convinced uh
through the thought experiment I did if
I if I try to transport myself to the
25th
Century and of course they have a sober
a detached cold soberness objective
soberness looking back at the 21st
century that we don't just like we look
back in history and we can see with
Clarity what we're so caught up in this
moment we're blinded by so many of these
realities and they would look back I'm
convinced by my thought experiment that
they look back and be like of course in
the early 21st century Homo sapiens
figured out that they had developed the
technology to continually expand their
life and
that like the homo sapian culture
shifted to the preservation of life
whereas right now we're all on the death
track and then we play all the fun games
along the death track but it's we just
you have to shift the entire
Zeitgeist where we we do the exact
opposite of what we're doing today in
instead of embracing and celebrating
death rituals we move entirely to life
extension rituals do you think like
living forever is possible or even
reverse reversing age yeah I mean I so
basically with all the arguments I come
down to this
idea uh this is a kin to us to us
interviewing Homo rectus a million years
ago and asking Homo rectus to make
observations on what it's going to be
like to be Homo sapiens a million years
later have our kind of cognition have
our
technology Homo rectus would have
nothing like almost nothing useful to
say do we care what they want or don't
want what they're scared of do we value
it in any way like it's interesting from
just an observational perspective but do
we really think that Homo rectus has
wisdom of some sort that would allow us
to um yeah to step into this existence
that's where I think we're at now is
like we're
basically we're sufficiently primitive
in our thought I don't believe in
anything we say as it relates to the to
the Future because the intelligence
we're walking into is so far superior to
ours why would we even
begin to imagine that we can express an
opinion that is Meaningful do you see it
almost like we're walking into a
different species of human entirely I
mean unquestionably that's happening one
of the really interesting things that's
going on is this thing called
crisper genetic
engineering what is what is that crisper
genetic engineering I know you did um
you did some kind of DNA therapy didn't
you I did I did my first gene therapy
gene therapy yeah yeah what is what is
all of that and what's the promise that
it holds for us crisper genetic
engineering and what was your gene
therapy yeah currently there's a ceiling
on human lifespan like 120 or so that if
you if you uh live a life a certain way
and you're given a genetic Lottery then
you can do that but to punch through 120
is very difficult through lifestyle and
diet and exercise and so to to Really
punch through this ceiling you need to
start working at the genetic level and
so whether you're doing there's gene
therapy whether you're doing crisper
there's a variety of ways you can start
modifying uh your genetic code and this
has the power or potential to punch
through the ceiling so explain that to
an idiot gene therapy is injecting genes
into you someone else's genes genes that
have been made in a laboratory or yeah
so this one is I just got two injections
on either side in my obliques here and
uh what it does is it expresses the
protein full Statin and so basically I
before I have a certain level I'm like
like eight or nine and once you get the
therapy you're higher like 20s 30s 40s
and so it's just increasing it's
increasing the amount of f Statin in my
body and so like one way to understand
this is when you work out M Statin um
lessens the amount of muscle growth that
can happen F Statin suppresses M Statin
so you have more muscle mass but it has
a whole bunch of other effects as well
this gene therapy didn't change my
actual genes it just increases the
expression of f Statin in my body and
how do you know if it works uh measure
them so yeah I do routine well so
there's a few things we're doing uh
we're measuring this via my blood what
are my full stat levels before and after
and then we're also measuring my body
with MRI and so because I'm the most
measured person in history we have this
interesting vantage point where we can
see across my entire body body from my
muscle and my um my fat and Bone and
speed and DNA methylation patterns from
my speed of Aging to my brain health
like working at hundreds and hundreds of
data points to see what effect it has
and have you found an effect yet uh our
first results are coming back next week
someone like me who is you know on the
High Street per se what are the
supplements that are on the High Street
that that do actually work for
anti-aging cuz people talk about NAD
plus and stuff
there's all these clinics now popping up
all over London where you can sit in the
chair for 2 hours and have the little
drip in your arm and stuff and I did it
once um cuz my friend had opened a a
place and I had a very hot chest yeah
like a burning feeling in my chest I
don't know if it's done anything for me
so I've just got it goes back to what I
said earlier you just got to kind of
believe in it or not like a religion
yeah yeah I mean it's best to measure it
so you're trying to change your
intracellular NAD I'm sure other people
have done measured it though so does it
work uh the the drips don't the drips
don't work you you want sustained levels
of NAD and so we yeah so I mean we
extensively measure my Ned levels and
we've tested nmn we've tested NR we've
looked at all the different modalities
you want sustained levels so my levels
when I first started I think they were
equivalent of something like 47 years of
age and now they're reliably age 18 like
I have that much I have age 18 levels of
NAD intracellular NAD and we dialed that
dosage in because I was able to measure
it and the the challenge of course is
when you do these things haphazardly get
a drip or whatever it's what you're
saying it's a story it's a market clever
marketing it's happy faces it's what
your friends are doing but it's not
based on any reality you need to see it
working in your body otherwise you know
be careful and when you're doing it so
the only reason it doesn't work is
because it's not sustained but it would
work if it was sustained so if I did
that every week then it would work you
also have to consider the halflife okay
so I I don't know all the data on the
drips I know the data much better on nmn
and NR but those things then you take
them orally yeah orally every day twice
a day yeah twice a day and those things
work yeah yeah they
reliably maintain my NAD My IC NAD
levels uh at a 18-year old
level what are some of those big um
anti-aging Therapies
or businesses or supplements that most
people have just thrown themselves into
or habits in terms of longevity habits
that are just a load of BS I mean most
everything really
yeah yeah give me some examples we I
mean everything listed on the the
blueprint website
is three years of our effort to try to
figure out what has scientific evidence
what can we do in me and measure it and
then communicate that out yeah cuz I I
want to make sure I avoid false
advertising right I got sucker down to
do that Bloody NAD drip thinking I was
going to be an 18-year-old that's right
so I don't want to do that again what do
I need to avoid I mean for example one
thing that works is extra virgin olive
oil well here's one I brought with me
out
here yeah so you sent me this um I did I
sent you that in the post yeah I mean so
we we tried
to for anybody that can't see I've got a
a bottle of extra virgin olive oil that
Brian had sent me about a month ago it
says on the front blueprint Brian
Johnson Ultra Premium extra virgin olive
oil completely all Black Bottle it looks
like a wine bottle oh on the back of it
it says with the goal of slowing his
speed of Aging Brian Johnson allocates
15% of his precise daily car calorific
budget to this extra virgin olive
oil it is rich in polyphenols which
studies show can potentially Safeguard
against against various cancers
cardiovascular diseases diabetes and
neurodegenerative conditions by
providing better reduction of oxidized
LDL than regular Evo extravaginal olive
oil
interesting so that's the question you
know if
you what things can I do in my life that
are easy and actionable and have a high
impact extra verion olive oil is very
close to number one really MH why
because of all the things it says on the
back yeah when you there you
go that's not how you're meant to have
that it's spicy yeah you put some pepper
in there it that's what premium olive
oil tastes like it's it's it's good oil
it's good virgin olive oil but nobody
should it's not nice to drink extra oh
it feels
quite it's very um it's quite thick and
smooth
mhm interesting yeah peppery and smooth
if you look at the evidence we we just
shared about what this does it's
unbelievable uh in the ways it improves
health and wellness it's better than
OIC really it is okay so explain what
exemp exemp is that's the diabetes drug
that people using to lose weight yeah so
like OIC is like the fire
alarm and so for example there's a study
where people lost 5.2 lbs uh taking Evo
consuming Evo for 9
weeks in addition to what they're
currently eating yeah yep and when you
say taking what do you mean just
sprinkling on top of my food or yeah the
I think the quantity for that study was
I think uh 45 ml daily or or something
like that it's between 45 and between 30
and 60 MLS daily but there's things for
example like it it uh reduces by over
60% uh invasive breast cancer it reduces
your your uh blood sugar levels by 60%
post a Mill and your oxidize LDL levels
these are the this is the bad thing your
body that's causing damage by 80% post a
mill so I have a tablespoon with every
single mill and it's yeah it's like the
super of
superfoods and the problem is most of
the olive oil in the world does not meet
the quality thresholds to make it useful
so you think you're consuming olive oil
that's actually doing the have the
health benefits if it doesn't meet very
specific criteria it won't do it for you
so where do we get it this is what I
tried this is why I solved it because
like we basically trying to find a olive
oil that you can verify meets the specs
is very challenging so we we built a
supply chain across both hemispheres to
acquire the best olive oil in the world
to make it just easy you can trust it
the data is shared and the health
benefits are um supported by
evidence and this is available online
mhm yeah everyone can buy this
yeah it's exciting but that's an easy
one to do go to bed on time and drink
your olive oil you've got something down
there on the floor but you would tell me
what it was what is it yeah I brought
you two things today
okay one I I brought you a test okay
what is it this test okay that's the
test it's your speed of Aging test oh
[__] so you should everybody should know
three things you know how much you weigh
how fast you're aging mhm
and the duration of your nighttime
erections is that what the other thing
that's the other advice oh [__] so
basically y so both these are going to
give
you a good Baseline with where you're at
in
life so how do I how do I do how do I do
this I I can admin wait yeah I can
administer that test for you if you want
so I what it requires is prick your
finger yeah get get a little blood yeah
put it on the card yeah and then we'll
send it to the processing to the to the
um the center where they're going to
process it you'll get your results back
and it will tell you how fast your aging
clock is
internally how does it know that from a
prick of blood uh because your body
leaves chemical signatures that reveal
the data okay and then I can reverse
that presumably yes you yes exactly so
if you let's you get a result back and
let's just say it's one so you're aging
like a normal person would average
person you could potentially slow your
speed of Aging to 6 which means while
all of your friends are aging at a
normal rate you would get September
October November and December for free
I'd love that yeah
how olive oil good sleep exercise a good
diet don't smoke basic stuff basic stuff
and what is this other contraption that
you that is how you can measure your
nighttime
directions I mean where am I going to
put that yeah so
you you put it on your
shaft and just gently yeah there you go
gently pull that and so you put there
you go put on the
mic yeah mine's a little bit bigger and
he do have you got a bigger
one yep and then you put it on the on
the
base and you put on and you you think
you presume that it's going to be an
irritation it's going to bother you
you're going to feel it once you put it
on and you go to sleep you can't feel it
you don't what does it like vibrate in
the night or something so yeah no
there's no vibration but you you have
erections throughout the night yeah and
when you become erect the expansion of
your penis will be captured by that
device and it will
show how many erections you had and for
what duration and what strength
and all I've got you so you put your you
put your you go to sleep you put your
penis inside it like like that and
then when you have an erection during
the night it'll expand and log it yes
and it'll keep logging every time you
have an erection in the night that's
right and then will tell you you had
four erections tonight that during that
duration of sleep they were 47 minutes
31 minutes 55 minutes and whatever and
of this strength of this quality
erection type and then this data it's
really important because it represents
psychological Health Sexual Health uh
cardiovascular health is basically
people are not familiar you can go to
the gym and build big biceps or whatever
but people are not familiar that
nighttime erections are actually a
meaningful Health indicator and so
you've been me measuring your nighttime
erections and what have you found out
and have have you been able to improve
it yeah my my average right now is 2
hours and 12 minutes so you're wrecked
at night for 2 hours and 12 minutes yes
what are you dreaming about for so the
thing is we're not aware of our
erections most the
time and so uh my my current erection
amount is equal to roughly my
chronological age for me to be equal to
an 18-year-old I would need 3 hours and
30 minutes interesting of nighttime
erection so that's the goal we're trying
to achieve is is we're basically I mean
no one's ever done this before we're
trying to figure out can you improve
nighttime
erection you put this on your penis
every night no just in I'll do it three
to five days in a row so most most
nights of the week you'll put this on
your penis I'm sorry so I'll do for
example in like oh okay like for one
month in like a month or two months I'll
do like three to five and it depends on
what therapies we're doing and so what I
coupled up with that is uh we're trying
to come on Brian grow
out I'm just playing with it it's just
interesting yeah uh I coupled this up
with shock focused shock wave
therapy and so there's this technology
you have a wand and you sit in a chair
and then the the technician uses the
wand and basically shocks your
penis through through the acoustic
technology and it's like it does the
same thing as workouts doing where
you're creating micro injuries so then
it rebuilds
and so this technology is used for all
over the entire body if you're trying to
heal an ACL or you're trying to
rejuvenate the knees the joints
shoulders so it's a technology that has
a broad range of applications it's also
used for retile dysfunction so while my
scores are I have no sexual dysfunction
I'm I score perfect in every category
we're wondering if you take this therapy
this Focus shock wave therapy and if it
will just basically rejuvenate the penis
and increase nighttime erections
is there any early evidence that that's
working uh yes I've been
shocked by the results I'm now two
months in it's my subjective experience
is it's as
if my penis has gotten like 15 years
younger so we're still in the early
stages we still need to measure we need
Data before we're going to believe
anything
subjectively I'm in when you say when
you say shock do you mean a painful
shock or is it like a you know like a
the kind of shock you you'd pay
for like a tell me more is it like a
nice feeling is it like a vibration or
is it like a uh is it painful it's
painful yeah you you need to be focused
uh like you need to do pain management
yeah it's it's uh it's like uh maybe a
seven out of 10 but then once you get to
the tip it's like oh no they got suck
the whole thing yeah it's like a n out
of 10 because you the tip you have
improved sensitivity so it generates in
addition to what we're trying to do with
the nighttime erections it also improves
um erection strength and orgasm
pleasurability so it has all kinds of
benefits I'm trying to figure out
physiologically what's going on there so
you shock the penis you give a big
electric shock to the penis and then it
rebuilds like a muscle would yes and
that causes it to be more effective
going forward yeah yeah it's it's a yeah
acoustic technology so it's not like an
electrical
shock I this kind of brings I guess this
brings me in part to the thing you use
on your abs the 20K setup machine thing
I I when I was younger in my house I
think my mom bought it in a catalog she
had one of those machines that she put
on her abdomen and it gave her an
electric shock like and it like kind of
vibrated and I just always thought it
was BS yeah I thought the whole industry
was just BS people feel like it's doing
something so they think they're going to
get abs but you've got like a really
extensive impressive machine that does a
similar thing mhm yeah using
electromagnetic uh frequency yeah and it
works it does how' you know uh We've
looked at it with
MRI and the muscles are being like
broken down and regenerated from the
electric shock yeah yeah we
cheating
um so you've got have you got a
six-pack I suppose it's defined to some
extent you're going to have to show us
with your permission of course we don't
force people to undress on this show
yeah yeah yeah I mean I don't know
like yeah you've got yeah yeah I won't
show mine not right now I've been in I
showed you mine yeah but it's
it's you've been doing this for three
years it's fine yeah I'm new I'm going
to work my way up with the penis shock
thing and then I'll but can can you
imagine being in a conversation and
everyone else knows their erection the
night time erections and you don't like
can you imagine the embarrassment You'
feel
no I can't imagine no one I know knows
how long
they're I'm playing I'm playing I I'm
playing because it's like it's of course
it's a novel idea nobody measures their
erection so it's not part of a social
Norm but you can imagine the humor of
you finding someone having a a casual
conversation of like yeah I had a really
great night sleep last night new Peak
record on erection duration and and
Direction like no it's going to become a
thing I know it is because sexual health
and sexlessness in relationships and
libido are actually a really big Topic
at the moment for a lot of people I I've
been in relationships where there's been
libido issues and things like that and
I've got friends that have got libido
issues and sexual health issues and
things like that so it we we joke about
it but there it's not a joke for a lot
of people and it can lead to
relationships breaking down and families
breaking down and yeah so I don't I do
think it's a serious topic and if it
this therapy can help people get get
their erections back and bring their sex
life back then that's an amazing thing
yeah the yeah the testimonials of the
technology are pretty compelling uh
people with
Ed that it's it's causing a significant
problem of their own self-confidence of
their Partners it's a big deal like when
when you can't get erect it's a very big
problem your penis is 15 years younger
you believe I mean this is a a
subjective assessment it's just like you
know um as you age your body becomes
less firm and more saggy right across
muscle skin penis like you just lose
structure across your entire body and
it's improved the structure of my penis
your hair looks like it's changed as
well since we last spoke you look like
you've got a fuller head of
hair what's what's been going on there
the the protol I have is I do uh
platelet rich plasma every 30 to 60 days
so that that is the process where you
draw blood from a vein you spin it up
and you separate the blood from the
plasma you take the plasma and then we
add a
cell and dutasteride so it's a
concoction of plasma AEL dutasteride and
it's a total volume of between 13 15
milliliters and then it's injected
across the entire head or in the areas
that would be balding and then I also do
light therapy daily which we spoke about
uh wear that cap for 6 minutes and then
I have a nightly concoction that
includes a few things like moox
minoxidil and a few others this is all
on my website so the the recipe the
protocol it's all there for everybody
but yeah I mean I I started losing my
hair in my early 30s and it's it's
really hard to as a I mean with my
genetics it's very very hard for me to
maintain hair so I've had to work very
hard at it what is hair loss anyway why
does our hair recede what's going on it
and it doesn't happen in women yeah I
know you
typically uh yeah it's it's really quite
annoying that it's such a big
problem I wish I didn't have to pay
attention to it as much as I
do
why uh just requires constant
attention and it's
a
the technology is not that great yet you
know like you're you're basically trying
to slow the process you're trying to
improve follicle strength you're trying
to prevent future damage but it's not
like something like like a gene therapy
where I with two injections I your
levels go up three or 4X my the
production of that
critical uh biochemical in my body uh
it's not the case there now there's
technology people are working on for
cloning so you take a few of your
follicles you clone that and you re you
put them in so basically like doing a a
hair transplant but you're cloning
you're doing your own your own hair so
there's other technologies that are
emergent that are promising they it's
not a market yet so yeah it's it's hard
and it's like being as a man being bald
is a meaningful thing right like it's a
significant psychological situation so
if you if you TI through the issues of
be of like a man would really struggle
with psychologically you know being bald
not being able to have erections like
those those are like two of your top
five things and so is you know I hope
that the things I talk about publicly
help break the stigma around it so that
uh people feel hope they can do
something about it they don't have to
hide it it's it's challenging and it's
heavy to deal with it what do you think
about air quality I've been thinking a
lot about this I had James Nester on
this podcast he was talking to me about
the harm of like in room CO2 and stuff
like
that yeah I agree uh my house is I have
devices around the entire house
measuring those things every moment of
every day and I have air filters in
every room and so the qu air quality in
my house is pristine in Los Angeles the
air quality is not great and so I
typically will avoid significant outdoor
activities on days where the air quality
is particularly bad but I'm always aware
of it so I have monitors in my house
that tell me the outdoor air quality and
the indoor air quality in every room
what's the harm that you're trying to
avoid
uh it's damaging there's like the the uh
the P2
2.5 uh there's a few things that are
very damaging and they can get lodged
for example in your lungs and it's very
hard to get it out so there's a lot of
sustained damage that's just hard to
undo Kate yes Kate too is that her name
to Kate too Kate will you come on out
Kate is a 27 year-old former fashion
strategist and is Brian's Chief
marketing officer M but she's also the
first woman to ever sign up and follow
the
blueprint way of
living in Kate is here Health Wellness
or medical entrepreneurs I'm joining
your industry to fix the outdated and
unfair business models that you have
been victim to I'm really excited to
announce that I've become an investor
and co-founder in until which is a
disruptive new solution for all of the
frustrated undervalued and undeserved
Health wellness and medical
entrepreneurs that are trying to grow
their business if you're a WellCare
entrepreneur looking to grow your
business the link is in the description
to join the waiting list we accept
roughly 20 practitioners every month we
have multiple sites opening all across
London and I really believe if you're in
that industry and this sounds like
something that might be of interest to
you then this is for you just a quick
Interruption for a brand that is very
close to us here at the DI of CEO who
are sponsoring this episode of this
podcast and that is British Airways if
you're like me and you love a good deal
I I think you're going to want to hear
about this the British Airways business
class sale is in full swing and the
potential savings are enormous we're
talking Savings of up to £1,000 on a
return business class flight to places
like New York Boston and Chicago plus
you can save even more on their
incredible packages to both the USA and
to Europe that includes those premium
business class flights and a luxury
hotel stay there's something different
about flying business with British
Airways as I think you guys will know if
you've ever done it it's not just the
seat that converts fully into a flat bed
or the menu or the fact that you can
watch the dire of a CEO on the inflat
entertainment system it's the Personal
Touch the experts that make you feel
relaxed and at home in the sky and
here's the thing you've got until the
13th of November so don't sit on it head
over to ba.com to find your deal
now okay so Brian who is hate to
you uh
Kate had the pioneering
spirit that helped give birth to
blueprint we we began working together
at kernel uh we were focused on
measuring the brain and how humans could
co-evolve with AI and we started talking
about the possibilities of what
blueprint could be we were the project
was underway and we were trying to
figure out how we could communicate this
and Kate saw the potential immediately
and has been building this with me for
several years why did you decide to work
with Brian and why did you decide to
develop
blueprint I grew up in a very small town
with a very small field of view and as I
got more experience in the world that
view opened farther and further and I
was in New York and I was working in
fashion at the time and I was sitting in
a cafe and I'd spent the year learning
about AI coming to mainstream and what
how is the human species going to deal
with this and I felt very strongly the
only way to perceive forward as a
species would be to latch ourselves onto
Ai and to merge with AI in some way and
so I was in this position where I had
all of this energy and I was like I want
to throw it out there into the world I
don't want to do anything my own and
there weren't many people talking about
this as a problem and one day I was
sitting in a cafe and I got an email in
my inbox from Singularity University and
it included a quote from this man Brian
Johnson back in 2016 and it it
referenced merging with AI and I thought
that's the person that I want to work
with and throw my energy toward and so I
reached out to him and across like every
medium uh so literally his medium
articles email social media and I never
heard back and then year after year I
just kept pinging him and pinging him
and then
eventually I I moved out to LA to work
with Brian and what did you do for Brian
you say what what with Brian I
intentionally keep it very vague cuz we
do everything together we are two PS in
a pod and um from the very beginning you
know both at konel and at blueprint
we've just done anything and everything
that needs to be done my background is
creative so I I lean more toward that
side of thing so the marketing and and
just General brand design that kind of
stuff but yeah and you've become the
first woman to follow the blueprint
protocol that's right yes I remember
hearing about the blueprint protocol um
last time we had this conversation and
one of the things that stood out to me
is the amount of sacrifice MH that goes
into living in line with it mhm things
like getting up at a certain time and
then going to sleep at a certain time
and things that you eat are you
following all of that yes I'm definitely
not as extensive as Brian is because
I've just started the protocol but that
was a big decision factor for both of us
when we're considering this one is it is
incredibly laborious on our team to
bring up another person um but not only
that it means complet completely
changing my lifestyle and so when we
were contemplating doing this decision I
really gave it a lot of serious thought
because I know that the public are going
to follow along you know it's a really
big decision for my life it's a big
decision for our team and for the
resources that get get put put behind it
and so early on we decided that I was
going to do a 30-day trial before we
made any of this public to make sure
that am I capable am I willing is this
something I actually want to take on and
so yeah I meant completely uh redefining
what my life and lifestyle is and where
are we at now with that 30day trial yes
so I've done my 30-day trial and I'm on
about day 90 of blueprint so I
successfully did my first 30 days which
was yeah really really difficult and
you're day 90 now yes how long are you
going to do it for that's the thing it's
an algorithm so that was definitely
something I was conscious of this is
maybe one of the last decisions I really
made because I was deciding to walk into
the unknown like I didn't know exactly
how many pills I'd be taking what my
protocol would be how many blood drawers
would I be going into it was really am I
okay revoking my conscious mind from
making this decision making and stepping
into the unknown so what does your life
look like now on a day-to-day basis so I
so this is this was establishing you
know the first 30 days was really just
the trial and so um I'm we're still in
the process of figuring out you know
what I'm we're still in the process of
personalizing essentially to to my data
but what I do is I try and get 100%
sleep every single night I do perfect
nutrition so I eat the same thing as
Brian every single day so it's 1,7 100
calories perfectly you know um mapped
out and then I take over 60 supplements
every single day and I I I aim to get a
certain amount of um cardio and strength
training and exercise in every week and
how's it been going it it was really
difficult it was much more difficult
than I expected it to be why
um the process of doing blueprint is
really about uh measurement intervention
and measurement again so so when we did
my Baseline measurements there were a
couple things that became apparent one
is that people observe me from the
outside and this is how I observe myself
as well so it's not a commment other
people but that if things look okay from
the outside things must be okay on the
inside too and so I had a lot of people
like saying to me oh you Sur must be
healthy because you know you you look
healthy so you must be fine my Baseline
Fitness testing for example put me on
like an average of like age 60 or age 70
just based on my flexibility my strength
um my you know cardiovascular health all
those kinds of things um and then my
blood work for example you know a few
things came back off which is to be
expected like my vitamin D and my zinc
which is easy to fix but then my
oxidized LDL came back high which is
extremely concerning because I'm only 27
years old and these are the kinds of um
flags that you see early on that can
lead to things like stroke or you know a
buildup in your arteries that can lead
to really serious health consequences so
there were a couple things in those like
Baseline tests for example that
had a red flag then throughout the
process I would say that it's because
all of a sudden you're given this huge
task of looking after yourself to
Perfection you come face to face with
the things that are in the way of your
better of living a better life so your
self-destructive Tendencies and so for
me like day one I had like three
different exential crisis like moments
you know where my whole life crumbled
down because you come face to face with
things that are in your way that you had
never had to deal with before like so
you know Brian talks about evening Brian
the Brian that you know over at between
500 and 7:00 p.m. or 10: p.m. um every
night for me it was priority
Kate I didn't realize before I did
blueprint that my whole life has been
structured around helping other people
and never focusing on myself it was like
I was completely blind to the fact that
any opportunity I get I would deflect
for myself and be like how are you doing
what can I do for you you know because I
I realized that I didn't have a
relationship with self
where if other people couldn't see it I
just neglected it so in like little
things it meant that I would schedule
meetings back to back and I wouldn't
make time to you know use the restroom
or eat or have proper sleep um and then
10: p.m. would roll around and I'd
finish work and the only thing that was
left open was McDonald's and so that's
what I would eat for dinner um or you
know if a friend if I committed to hang
out with him on a weekend there was no
way I was going to you know say that I
can't do that anymore just to get enough
sleep because you know ultimately I
cared more about the other people's
perceptions than my my own actual
well-being people pleas are yes people
please are big time and to do blueprint
it's sounds like it's the antithesis of
people pleasing yeah I would say so um
and it's kind of like that you know
Brian references this but the the
airplane example where you want to put
your own mask on before you can help
others so you know in this process I've
slowly learned that I am functioning
better and I can actually do more of
that people pleasing in a weird way
anyway by looking after myself first
what what have been
the although it's just been 90 days what
have you noticed changes so as far as
actual like results and data it was it
was very um straight forward everything
improved pretty much across the board um
so my my restorative sleep increased by
19% in 30 days my flexibility improved
my strength improved like my my leg
press one rep REM rep one rep max went
from 220 lb to 360 lb in 30 days um I
did uh V2 max testing um so my body's
ability to use oxygen when I first did
it at the start of the 30 days I was put
at the 51st percentile so if you looked
at like an age graph you'd be able to
predict exactly what age I am that was
spot on average and then after 30 days I
had increased into the top 7% of Fitness
for my um age and gender which is huge
for me because I'm someone who has never
exercised a day in my life before this
I'd never gone on runs I hated the gym
I'd never been trained in the gym it was
just something that was like the
antithesis of anti- Kate you know um so
yeah huge huge changes on my end and my
blood work improved we're still waiting
on my oxidized LDL to come back but
generally everything everything looks
really good what's your take on that and
things that have improved and the
changes you've seen in her I think the
most interesting and uh entertaining was
the existential crisises where they be
they became so frequent I would send her
messages just like in a joking fashion
like hey like hope your central crisis
is going well today how can uh how can I
help but she really was I I applaud her
because she jumped in with both feet and
she was willing to share the entirety of
her internal experience so she didn't
try to camouflage any of her pain she
didn't try to uh be tougher than she was
she was just open and transparent about
the entire process and I think that
people around us the entire team and uh
those observing drew a lot of
inspiration because she was open about
everything about what she was struggling
with internally and uh she was willing
to step into the problem like she she
didn't miss a single day and that's hard
like there's a lot of motivation to quit
or to take a day off and so I am really
pleased that um she gave it a go and uh
she prevailed it would have been very
easy for her to quit hey you 27 yes
um sacrifice yeah people think of 20
your 20's sacrifice they think going out
partying did you do that stuff before
did you like date you know all that kind
of stuff yeah yeah no it definitely was
a big consideration for me and like the
other thing to add is blueprint
especially at the level we're trying to
do this at is a full-time Endeavor and
so you have to fit this into your
existing lifestyle and so it's really
difficult even things like you know
during that 30-day trial we travel for
work and I remember we got back one day
and it was like 6:00 p.m. or something
like that and and everyone was like
zoned after being on the road for 3 days
or something like that and I was like I
got to go exercise now guys and everyone
was like what but that's the thing like
you know my data it demanded it my body
demanded it and so I was going to do it
it wasn't about you know what I wanted
in that moment or not um so it is a very
intense thing to commit to as far as
like the socializing and all that kind
of stuff yeah I I was someone who you
know would stay up I mean I would St up
working a lot of the time like I'm a
grind culture child like I I really did
throw myself into it so I would say
that's probably the thing that changed
the most on the socializing thing like
my friends have been
so uh accommodating you know I we'd go
out for brunch still and I would bring
my blueprint tin and just sit at the
table while you know other people having
their you know maybe their mimosas with
orange juice in it um but yeah I think
there have
been easy ways to make it fit into my
life and the people around me have been
really accommodating which is lovely
what's been the biggest and the hardest
sacrifice the thing that you you know
maybe on the difficult days you miss a
little
bit you know just so sad but my the
first thing that comes to my mind is oat
milk lates like I'm such a typical you
know uh yeah young person now but yeah I
you know there's like little you you
realize you come face to face with the
fact that a lot of life's small Joys are
baked into the things that you do on a
routine basis and so it it took me a
while to remap those things um did you
drink before no I mean know I was I was
like a normal normal person yeah so
drinks in the weekend with friends when
you feel a little bit guilty if you quit
doing this after everything the team
have invested in you Brian's faith in
you does that not feel like a bit of a
pressure yes it does however this was
also you can't let those things drive
you when you're on blueprint so for
example I halfway through my my 30-day
period I started to really not feel
great and I would watch my heart rate
you know as you get better exercises
exercise your Fitness improves it's
harder to get your heart rate up and I
was going against this metric of I need
to get my heart rate over 173 beats per
minute um to hit this biger heart rate
zone to get my markers um up and I was
pushing myself and pushing myself I was
you know I documented all this all you
know for our YouTube channel and whatnot
but I was at this point where I was
crying on the weekend and I was like I
don't know if I can do this like I think
I have to give up because I just
couldn't get my heart rate up and it
took me a second to realize that
priority Kate had snuck in again but in
this really subtle you know back door
kind of way where I was holding myself
to this expectation of I needed to do
these very intense things so I could
prove to the public that I can do this
I'm going to be you know this blueprint
XX when in reality the blueprint ways
actually stop look at the data and if I
had done that I really would have seen
that my my HIV was down my recovery was
down like my body was asking for break
but my conscious mind was stepping in
and saying you need to prioritize the
Viewpoint of others and how they're
going to think of you and make sure you
just hit these goals regardless of what
the data says so I think that to answer
your
question if I'm people pleasing in that
way I just get in my own
way but if you stop and look at the
data that's where actually the Insight
comes from why did Brian why did you
want Kate to do this did you want her to
do it and if so why
I'm we talked about this extensively and
I told Kate that there was no pressure
no expectation that uh it was entirely
her decision that she could think
through it uh there were other people
that could certainly fulfill the role
so it was Kate's call to do it and even
when she was doing it it was entirely
her decision whether she want to
continue and so I made it very very
clear there was no pressure no uh
overriding assumption that was not being
exp uh communicated so this is why I
think the
the the the shift and transition from
grind culture to taking care of one's
health is there's so many layers uh
people are very fast to come up with
excuses and reasons why they don't want
to do it and I think by Kate doing this
it was um a transparent reveal of
everything she had stacked up that was
stopping her from doing that and uh I
thought it would be interesting because
she she understood the intricacies of
the Endeavor so thoroughly and she also
was aware of how we were communicating
to this and she had this vantage point
that was really unique uh so I thought
it'd be she'd be a perfect candidate to
do it uh but again no obligation
entirely her call if she thought this
would be a good move for her okay blink
once if you're being held
hostage exactly right right do you want
to
die I
want to have the opportunity to live you
want you want to have the opportunity to
live that's very intentional cuz he said
he doesn't want to die yeah you might
have seen it on the shirt yeah you want
what's the Nuance there I don't mind the
idea of death you know if it happens it
happens but I would love to be able to
spend each minute living as much as
possible and so that's what this is for
me I think I'm I'm on the same page with
you yeah I I'm not scared of dying um I
don't think you're scared of dying are
you Brian you're not scared of dying um
but would I like the opportunity to live
on I would like the opportunity to live
on but I do also think that what makes
life enjoyable is the scarcity the fact
that I'm me sitting here now is me CH
choosing not to do everything else is
why this is so special y totally agree
so also I find this like idea of the
fear of death and people kind of like
barking at that it's interesting to me
because I think if anything is more
rational to fear fear I would say is
death like out of all the fears I could
have in life fear of death is probably
one that I would choose to have you know
that makes sense to me I'd love to to to
Really Want To Live every single second
of the day yeah same what how what you
how do you think about what we just said
that the fact that we are going to die
creates the specialness in the life that
we have I don't think we know what we're
talking about okay fair enough I do what
I I think I lose everybody like you know
Kate is a much more relatable person
like she you know she says things to
people are like that's sensible and I
understand that and I say something
people are like that's really weird I'm
not quite sure what to do with that but
I really and so I really am trying very
hard to be more understandable to be
more relatable and have these viewpoints
but I I can't seem to land this
idea that it's possible we are so
primitive in our current way of being
that we wouldn't even dare ask ourselves
our own opinions about anything when you
talk about this playing it Forward into
the future and asking future
civilizations about us or then playing
it backwards that does help me
understand it because if You' gone a
million years backwards and asked them
about us they never would have been able
to predict this incredible world and
we're probably living like four times
longer than they did anyway since we've
since we last spoke is there anything
that's been on your mind that you uh you
think is important as an update for the
listeners who listen to the last
episode yeah I mean we we it was a a fun
couple months yeah gene therapy uh I
published a book and we Kate completed
her 90 days of of uh first female on
blueprint uh doing the full program we
made for available for free the entirety
of the recipes of blueprint so we
basically we've made for free uh the
dietary protocol all the exercises all
the supplements a book like we basically
what I hope is we've given a a blueprint
for the future evolution of Being Human
and we've made everything available for
free for everyone all over the world wow
and what comes
next the best is Yet to Come yeah we've
got a couple fun projects just give me
one uh let's
see it's another gene therapy okay yeah
to do what to extend life I mean if we
really are trying to punch through the
ceiling then we you can only do so much
with diet sleep and exercise and we've
kind of mastered those things so now
we're trying to level up on more
powerful
therapies exciting look forward to
hearing the question that's been left
for you in the diary is dear next guest
as you look back on the interview right
now what's one thing you wish you said
or did differently yeah
okay I I don't know if I did this
justice so I want to I want to
communicate with more clarity that
regardless of the data and how I feel
and all these kinds of things the thing
that I always come back to on whether or
not this is the right decision for me as
in Blueprint
is am who's doing a better job of
looking after Kate is it current Kate or
past Kate and I would argue that even if
it's only a marginal Improvement it's
worth taking this step toward looking
after oneself just a little bit better
and so that's how I feel about this
whole process is like I know based on
the data I know based on my subjective
experience based on any other metric
that I'm doing a better job now than I
was previously so which Kate's
happier I think Kate has no control over
her own happiness and
so I almost never try to optimize her
happiness when Brian sat down he said
I'm the happiest I've ever been yeah is
this the happiest you've ever been yes
yeah purely go ahead this Kate's happier
than old Kate yes but I would say that
Kate always is biased to saying that
Kate is always the happiest in any given
moment Kate is generally a very
optimistic and happy person and is the
blueprint different for women than it is
for men because there's different sort
of hormonal and physiological elements
to men and women yeah that's what we're
currently in the process of figuring out
so it took Brian what like two three
years and millions of dollars to get his
protocol stabilized so we're currently
in that process of figuring out how are
we tuning it to to my to my hormones and
levels and tracking my data so we're in
a very exciting period have you kept
count of how many millions of dollars
it's cost you to do
this uh yeah I counting it's um probably
three to four at this point yeah the
majority of that has been on the
measurement protocols it's the
scientific research it's like uh yeah
trying to get your head around
everything that's ever been published
get that structured in a way that's
actionable then doing the measurement
but the actual implementation is very
cheap like this is the thing is we um
someone made a comment the other day
that this is the the uh most impactful
humanitarian project ever in that the
more value is being delivered to more
people and um I love the frame that um
it's a species wide evolutionary plan
and we uh we're we're launching a
product so one of the biggest questions
we've received like this is one of the
more exciting things we have going on is
when we did blueprint started blueprint
it was never to make money we never had
a commercial plan we never had like some
sneaky idea was just like we wanted to P
pursue the boundaries of Science and
then it became a thing and people are
like make this easy because I want to do
it but I don't want to spend the time
and so over the past few months we've
created a a blueprint product stack and
I think that we'll be ready to launch in
90 days or so I think it will be
competitive with the most
nutritious product in
history interesting and it's a
supplement it's uh it's it's a powders
and pills food supplement extra version
olive oil it's a whole bunch of stuff
it's basically I think we'll be able to
deliver to people at a lower cost you
whether we succeed in this or not
whether we succeed at the number one
spot I like the idea that we're
competing with the best the best most
nutritious food product ever built in
human history and I like that we are at
least competing for that slot and so I
think it would make sense for the UN to
be putting blueprint into the hands of
people and uh than anything else out
there and so that's exciting that it's
we're just rounding the corner from this
novel idea to this full scale Humanity
wide conversation on what can we become
and basically trying to purge from our
society the self-destruction that we've
embeded within it hey I've got one more
question for you before Brian answers
the book question just thought of one go
you want to take it um what can you tell
me something that you disagree with
Brian on um that's actually really
really hard because I think we agree on
most things
um we typically see the world uh from
from pretty different perspectives
definely we reconcile them ultimately
but we definitely view the
world uh meaningfully different yeah
yeah I really see myself as an
operations manager for Humanity not not
because like I just find that that's a
role that we have not really tackled as
a species yet you know being able to see
the systems that underly
Humanity at this huge scale and so
nutrition is one of these things like we
you know this blueprint stack that we're
working on it's almost like your your
mom has packed you a lunch box and said
here's the basics of what your body has
requested for today like go out have a
great day you know you've got a budget
to go and have fun in this specific kind
of way but just like here's what you
need at a basic level I think there only
a small you can you can change the world
with a small a couple of small changes
like that that we just haven't thought
about on that efficient level if you're
the operations manager Humanity what is
Brian Brian is
the the Visionary behind behind pushing
this I mean when I met it was said you
got opportunity to roast me it was like
te up you could have get dunked on what
did it mean it was like moment for to
dunk on
me I don't know yeah that's yeah okay so
Brian your question then so I will see
where can I speak to
camera which one okay great as
a last time I was on the podcast hi
everyone nice to see you you were all so
kind to me in the comments on our last
video together and I've become
accustomed to get pretty beat up about
on pretty much everything all the time
and all of there were so many of you who
were so generous and kind and charitable
and compassionate and I just really
appreciate you I read all the comments I
find it to be a really informative
Source about what I'm doing well to
communicate what I'm struggling on and I
appreciate your generosity with me uh as
I Stumble through how to communicate
ideas that make sense in my mind but
then you know they don't land as clearly
with others but I appreciate that you're
willing to entertain the discussion and
uh yeah just it really I was
really touched by how your your kindness
so you've developed a powerful
community that of highly intelligent
compassionate engaging people and I
appreciate being a member of that
because it's these topics are hard and
it's easy to lob insults and make
derogatory comments it's just so easy to
try to pick that off as the form of
communication and you this community did
not they took a different path and it
was really encouraging to read you read
every comment I read most of them does
that do does any of it ever hurt
you and maybe you should answer this you
answer this just collected a whole bunch
of Mean Tweets for a YouTube video we
have coming out soon Brian ready mean
tweets and honestly I don't think I've
ever seen Brian more happy than reading
Mean Tweets he absolutely loves it I did
notice that on Twitter I was like he
really loves engaging with this stuff
how how how have you got yourself to
that place mentally where you can read
someone saying some just the worst thing
about you and seemingly spin it into a
joke and apparently really genuinely not
care
yeah not only do I not care I love it
why um I mean why why do why why do I
love
it I mean it's really beyond my
comprehension I don't know I mean and
maybe you know like in other times in my
life maybe I would have been more
sensitive to it but I mean I people work
so hard at making the absolute most
cutting insult they can generate I know
they they spend a lot of time doing
these things and I I appreciate the
effort you know like it's great I'm not
sure why but it does it brings me
genuine happiness I I would wager that
Brian Brian I lot of people don't
realize how thoughtful he is every
second behind the scenes he's constantly
thinking about other people and what
they're going to think so I feel like
you've actually explored all of these
roasts in your own head and so to
witness them come to life it's just like
oh fun people are having fun with me
like it's great interesting
gosh
gosh I do I do I do think that Brian I
do think that you're very very
thoughtful I even notice it in the way
you answer questions you take a pause
often and people don't typically do that
they just give the answer and then for
you to even say to some questions I
don't know is again a sign of that
thoughtfulness but I always also think
people that are that sort of neurotic
and thoughtful and always thinking in
their head I think God they must be a
little bit tortured in some way like it
it can't be a pleasant experience to be
that intelligent and thinking about that
many things that often because you're
going to end up thinking about some
things that aren't so great yeah you
know what I mean if you can if you have
that ability to think you know I think
that about Elon a little bit as well
like he he speaks about being a young
man that had like an existential crisis
and and uh made him depressed and then
he watched hitchhike as Guide to the
Galaxy and that kind of got him out of
his depression
but being that intelligent and
thoughtful comes with a cost now
yeah I mean I I certainly am familiar
with torturing
myself I've been in time times in my
life like the majority of my life I
actually vigorously tortured myself and
it's only been in the past few years in
conjunction with blueprint where I have
been rid of that torture and I I think
also when people make these biting
comments to me they don't even compare
with the comments I make to myself I
mean I am uh in previous versions of me
I was
brutal to myself in ways and of course I
know all of my uh I know the underbelly
of you know so I know how to make the
most biting comment to myself and so I'd
say After experiencing that anyone else
trying to uh tear me down just like it's
totally insignificant it doesn't mean
anything to me um this is the thing like
if we I guess I'll be sincere for a
moment is
if like how lucky are we to
exist in this moment
and if we're really trying to figure out
how we have the most fulfilling
existence prioritizing our health and
wellness of getting good sleep and
eating well and avoiding bad things
changes your existence you want
different things you think about
different things you respond differently
to to people's comments you you're a
different human and this is in in some
ways why I don't trust so first I don't
trust any of my own responses but I
trust even less
other people's responses who are half
dead when they're not sleeping well when
they have bad habits when they aren't
thinking clearly we know this from
science that you you become
inebriated and so that's why when I
think about Humanity like do we are we
actually of the right mind of clarity to
say anything about our wants and desires
and I think we're all just drunk on
addiction and we just can't see our way
through this thing and so when we say I
want this I want that or whatever I
don't believe it we're not our we're not
in our best mind state right now and we
don't trust our own judgment and this is
it's it's hard for us to comprehend that
because we have to trust oursel on a
day-to-day basis doing these things and
to step take a step back and be like
could I be wrong about basically
everything takes so much courage to to
even contemplate and it's offensive to
most people's minds but really I think
it's where we we are best to be there to
question all all these things and and
this is what how I Stumble in these
conversations like I know even in
talking with you today I know when I say
certain things to you they don't
resonate right you're like kind of see
your point but like really this this
path makes much more sense to me and uh
yes I'm really trying to improve at this
game uh it's a hard one it's like um
there there's like there's one story
here I'll share um it's my favorite one
so there's a
captain navigating the
Andes a communication change course 30°
north the captain radio's back you
change your course 20°
South gets a radio back no immediately
change 30° north now at this point the
captain is irritated uh his authority
their Authority has been challenged so
Captain radio's back this is fleet
commander so and so of the Battalion so
and so whatever change 30 North
and of course this has always worked for
that person uh always use force and
authority and bullying to get whatever
their objective is and the communication
comes back I'm a lighthouse change
course 20
South in this conversation as a
species we are the fleet commander our
minds are the fleet commander we believe
we can bully our way through any
conversation is the future worth living
I'll tell you right now do I want this
fette I'll tell you right now do I want
to sleep versus something else I'll tell
you our mind has an infinite depth of
answers and it knows all
things I think the future could
potentially be a lighthouse when we
offer up a response about something we
want feel think imagine
whatever our tactic that has always
worked for us in the past so we can just
bully our way through all things is
somehow not going to work anymore
because it's a lighthouse and that's
what the future future feels like to me
is we cannot use these tactics that have
worked for us in the past that the
circumstances have changed so
radically the new the old rules don't
apply a new game is coming and like sure
we don't know what's going to happen and
sure we don't know if it's going to be
positive or netive we don't even know if
we'll have a conception of positive or
negative like maybe those ideas will
even go away like we have no clue
whatsoever what our existence would be
like and this is like why purging
Society of this stuff is interesting to
me like Why would not wage war right now
like wage war on this it's it's ruining
our chances of the
future even something like like the
hallow Halloween holiday traditions why
are we contributing to the dying of our
children by giving them sugar as they
walk around from house to house like how
are we this
foolish got our Halloween
[Laughter]
sponsor joking we haven't really no it's
true though but that's the way we've
designed Society but I'm I'm hopeful
about that because conversations like
this um and all the podcasts out there
that are having these conversations are
changing the dial I've seen an evolution
in myself over the last 12 months of
doing this the the types of subjects
we're talking about and sugar and ultr
process foods and sleep and all of these
things so if it's gently nudging me I'm
convinced it's gently nudging my
listeners and there's more shows like
this all around the world and we're all
kind of becoming awakened to it because
we're feeling the symptoms the symptoms
of that discontent the depression
inflammation killing everybody and
cardiovascular diseases so I think it
feels like there's a slow but certain
Uprising in society I agree I that I
perceive the same
thing thank you so much Brian thank you
so much Kate really appreciate you
sharing that with me um so interesting
and I really hope we can have this
conversation again when you hit more
Milestones everybody needs to go and get
the extra virgin olive oil because as I
said everybody's been raving about this
extra virgin olive oil but as I said a
second ago I really really trust yours
so that will be the one that I'm
stocking in my house thank you Brian
thanks for having us thank
[Music]
you as you'll know this podcast is
sponsored by hure and one of my favorite
products that they've ever created is
their hu Daily Greens it actually
performed so well when we released it
that it sold out completely and the only
thing I'm back here to say to you guys
is that it's now back in stock it tastes
amazing and it's actually got 99 One
vitamins and minerals and whole food
ingredients in one scoop it's nice not
to have to think about taking lots of
different pills and vitamins in the
morning I can just take this and I know
that I'm giving my body a good dose of
all the vitamins and minerals that it
needs every morning it's a lot better
tasting than having to force down some
of the other green powders I've tried
and it's really reassuring to know that
I'm looking after my body properly
unfortunately and currently this product
is only available in the US so anyone in
the USA head to hu.com to get it before
it runs out again but anyone that's not
in the US and wants it to to come to
their country please send me a DM a
direct message and I'll speak to the
team at hu in our board meetings and
I'll let them know that you want it in
your
country do you need a podcast to listen
to next we've discovered that people who
liked this episode also tend to
absolutely love another recent episode
we've done so I've linked that episode
in the description below I know you'll
enjoy
it
[Music]
oh